add webhook payload examples (#3824)
chef/automate: components/automate-chef-io/content/docs/notifications.md

1. From the Notifications page, select **Delete** from the menu at the end of the table row.
1. Confirm that you wish to permanently delete this notification in the helper screen.

### Webhook Notification Payload

> The body of the notification payload contains complex JSON data. While most of the attributes are self-explanatory, one to note is `type`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The body of the notification payload contains complex JSON data. One attribute to note is `type`.
```

Chef Infra Client run failures have a type of `converge_failure` where the Chef InSpec scan failures have a type of `compliance_failure`.
Another item of note is the `controls` section of the Chef InSpec scan failures. It will contain information about each failed control so the payload can be rather large if the node has a lot of failed controls.

> Chef Client run failure example payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Chef Infra Client run failure example payload
```
